hey everyone welcome back to another
video of Dragon Vale so the celebrating
the third anniversary of Dragon Vale and
what they have here is a brand new
dragon they also have this event that I
think they're bringing back some of the
dragons that were previously released so
let's go in here and take a look at it
and then we'll take a look at this
Dragon's egg and how to breed this
dragon for your game as well all right
going in here all right so here it is
and wow that's it one of the coolest I
think I've seen with a bunch of horns so
this paper dragon is also back I notice
that there's always a flame element in
these dragon or in these things so the
cotton dragon is also back for a limited
time I believe alright so here it is
available for limited time 36 hours the
element of lightning Irv fire and ice or
cold
[Music]
all right that's the Dragons egg we're
going to go into the breedings thing and
then go into breeding hint and we're
going to do the official unlocking for
this dragon
[Music]
all right so here it is and yeah all
right so it's really simple you can use
any dragons with the elements of
lightning fire earth and coal now off
the top of my head you know I'm thinking
all right actually off the top of my
head I'm not thinking anything all right
so let's go in here and we'll look for a
flame and earth and then the ice and
cold
I mean cold enlightening all right so I
think the law of a dragon is an element
of earth and fire yeah all right so lava
dragon and we'll go on in here you can
have the hail dragon that's the first
thing that pops ah the storm dragon all
right lava and storm dragon that then
that's what I'm gonna say lava and storm
because I think that's a good
combination all right so we're going to
look for the we're going to start
breathing the lava dragon and the storm
dragon all right going on in here lava
dragon is fire there it is and storm
dragon is ice and lightning all right so
lava dragon storm dragon that's what I
recommend I think it was 36 hours I
believe and let's just breathe all right
we didn't get it we'll be back as we
continue to try to see if we will get
this dragon using the lava drawing and
Andy storm dragon
[Music]
all right so we got 36 hours it wasn't
really that long I think it's on our
fifth try so here it is 36 hours zero
111 59 59 so we were a bit a second late
so it says 58 there usually you see 57
so we're usually we're two seconds late
but there it is 36 hours we're going to
press it and there it is so here's the
egg again we're a couple seconds late
but essentially this is what the egg
looks like if you're wondering it has a
bunch of horns and it's really really
dark
I'm assuming it's in celebration of the
third anniversary so this is an
anniversary dragon just like the other
the paper dragon so here it is gonna
place it into the fire habitat
[Music]
all right so there it is but I don't see
it all right so it's really small it's
right there I'm not sure if you can see
it too bad we can't zoom anymore but
let's move some of the Dragons out of
the way all right coming back here
you'll see it right there it's really
really small too beside the pepper
dragon
maybe we should level it up a bit
leveling it up all right there it is all
right so that is the first form we're
going to evolve it to second form now
there it is you also see the kind of
when you evolve it it has this burst and
the burst is a bunch of thorns or a horn
so that's what it's going to do when
it's going to breathe its breath come on
all right let's move the poison dragon
out of the way because he's such a big
dragon
all right so I don't think he's gonna do
is breath I'm kind of waiting for his
breath all right so we're going to
evolve it just
they'll final form then but here it is
you'll notice a burst again and you can
evolve this beyond level 10 now it has
become a pretty big dragon so you know
it was really small beginning but now
it's big you'll notice that it's tail
there's that I don't know leaf like
design and a bunch of horns that kind of
surround his body I guess they're really
bones that are sticking out of his body
I just waiting for his breath again
hopefully he does it he doesn't do it
then yeah we're missing something
[Music]
all right so there is his breath
actually it's not horn G well I guess
some miniature horns but you see a bunch
of dark kind of dust coming out of his
mouth as well anyways that is how you
get this dragon for your game I believe
it is a limited edition dragon made
available to celebrate the third
anniversary of Dragon Vale so yeah it is
an anniversary dragon it looks like we
still need to get the paper dragon but
there it is first form second form and
third form they need to add a button
that allows you to verse his breath
because hey that is something that is
definitely cool to have but anyways that
is about it that is how you get this
dragon for your game